07/08/2021
Topics: Custom Methods Intro:
			void methods with/without the parameters


package name: day28_CustomMethods


step1: print hello 5 times (loop)
step2: print your name
step3: print hello 5 times (loop)
step4: print your school name
steo5: print hello 5 times (loop)




Method: function. grouping a series of code fragments to create a function

	advantage: re-usable
				easy to maintain




	public  static   void  main(String[] arg){

	}

	declaring a method:
		Access-midifier   specifiers   return-Type  methodName(Parameter){
				code fragements
		}

		Access modifiers: public, protected, private, default
					for now only use public

		specifiers: static, final, abstract, synchronized
				for now only use static

				static: can be called through the class name

					Arrays.toString()
					Arrays.sort()


		returnType: void, any DataType
					void: method does not return any data

		methodName: any name

		parameter: any dataType

			method with parameter: we need it if method requires extra infomations to complete its functionality

task:
	1. create a method that can print odd numbers between 1~100 in a same line seperated by space

	2. create a method that can print even numbers between 1~100

	3. create a method that can calculate the age of the person

	4. check eligibility to vote


come back at 12:40
Canvas -> Java -> modules -> day28 -> Arrays Short quiz


afternoon' class: 2pm

homework:
    6. calculate the grade of the student based on the score

    7. create a method that can reverse any String

    8. write a method that can print out the unique elements from an array of string

    9. write a method that can check if a string is plaindrome, print true if it's  otherwise print false

    10. write a method that can remeove the duplicates from the string
            "abababa"
            "ab"

    11. wirte a method that can print out the maximum number from any array of integers

    12. wirte a method that can print out the minimum number from any array of integers